(defun start
(cond
[(is-ally? character) (describe (concat (get-name self) " waves to you as he leans on his gaderffii stick and wipes the sweat from his brow.")) 
(say "What brings you out this far my friend?") 
(add-response "I was curious to know what you are doing." doing)]
[#t (describe (concat (get-name self) " steps in front of you to block your path and holds up his gaderffi stick.") 
(say "This is private property and a restricted area. What is your business here?"))]
)
(add-response "I suggest you move to the side and let me pass" gun)
(add-response "Who is the owner of this farm?" owner) (add-response "I was just on a short expedition. I should be getting back now. Good Day." leave)
) ; end start

(defun doing
(say "At the moment I am checking the oxidation levels to ensure optimum production levels from the xoorzi. It's a bit technical but I could take a few hours to explain it to you ... I could use the break.")
(add-response "That wont be necessary. Perhaps another time." leave)
(add-response "Why do I get the impression that you are wasting my time on purpose?" gun)
(add-response "No thank you. I am more interested in where I could make a purchase." Purchase1)
(add-response "That would be great. I've always been interested in farming." work)
(add-response "Could you first tell me who owns this facility?" owner)
)

(defun work
(say "Actually, I've got to get back to work. Sorry. Please don't distrub anything.")
)

(defun owner
(say "I cannot say. I do not know, they tell me nothing!  Please just leave.")
(add-response "Ok, ok. I'll leave." leave)
)

(defun gun
(say "Stop! There is no need for violence. I am but a simple farmer armed only with a stick! Please Sir!")
(add-response "You're right. My apologies. Please tell me a bit about what you are doing." doing)
(add-response "Then stop wasting my time and tell me who owns this facility." owner)
(add-response "Oh, right. Sorry. My temper got the best of me. Ill just go about my business." leave)
)

(defun leave
(say "Thanks for the visit. Perhaps next time you could bring refreshments. Good day to you.")
)

(defun Purchase1
(say "Unfortunately we do not sell directly to the public. I believe our harvest is sold directly for the manufacture of bacta. Perhaps you could try the market?")
 (add-response "That's unfortunate." leave)
 (add-response "This is unacceptable. I want to speak to the owner of this facility!" message) 
 (add-response "That's not the answer I was looking for!" gun)
 (add-response "Well, perhaps you could explain to me what you are doing so I can start my own farm." doing)
)

(defun message
(say "Well, actually I do not have the ability to take a message at the moment. My apologies...")
(add-response "Very well. I'll be on my way then" leave)
(add-response "That's ok. I'd rather speak to you. What are you doing here with this fungi?" doing)
(add-response "If you cannot deliver a message can you tell me where to go to purchase some Alazhi?" purchase)
(add-response "I've had enough of you giving me the run around." gun)
)

(defun purchase
(say "Sure, just go talk to any of the medical groups out there.")
)
