Block: start
Crikey, look at the size of that one. Hold back mate, I wouldn't get any closer if I were you!
Responses:
Woah, ok. Dangerous? -> danger
Nah, I'm ok. I know what I'm doing. -> know

Block: insect
Well, its your own life mate. Just let me know so I can back off a little - they're nasty little rippers.
Tell you what, how about I just pick it up and move it out of the way then?
Responses:
Move it? You just said it was dangerous. -> move
Sure, I'll, umm, stand over here. -> stand
So its dangerous then? -> danger

Block: danger
Well yeah. Everything around here is dripping with venom, or claws or would otherwise like to see what you taste like. 
Now ya see this little thing here? One little nip, and you're taking a nap for at least a week.
Responses:
Wow. Maybe I'll just head over there for a sec then. -> stand
Its just an insect. Can't really be that dangerous can it? -> insect
Hmm, seems to dangerous to be around. I'm off. -> leave

Block: know
Yeah yeah, that's what the last bloke said. See those bones over there? That's not him, but could just of easily have been.
Hes been in hospital for the last 5 months. Up to you, though.
Responses:
Sure, but I think I can handle a little insect. -> insect

Block: leave
I'll see you at sundown then, hey mate. Good luck. Watch out for those Quizzer!

Block: stand
If you think it will help, sure. But crikey, these things can strike even from over here. Hope you got the reflexes of Draagax.
Tell you what, there is a nice herd of Banthas over the next rise. The worst they can do is trample you.
Responses:
Thanks for the tip, I'm off. -> leave
Aww, but I like this insect. -> insect

Block: move
!ifnot character.race=Gungan! Yeah mate? You point is?  I've moved hundreds of these things around with nary a mark. Lets see you try that!
!if character.race=Gungan! Yeah mate? Your point is? I've moved ... no, wait, hang on ... don't touch tha...
Responses:
!ifnot character.race=Gungan! Ah, yeah, better not. -> leave
!if character.race=Gungan! *Fall on the ground* -> gungan

Block: gungan
Quick, get the medikit! Put that syringe on the ground, and help me move this.
No, not the Gungan. The useless fool can stay there for a second. This creature is much more worthy of saving.
Responses:
Gurgle -> gurgle
*Go unconcious* -> collapse

Block: gurgle
Excellent, this creature is saved. Now to see to that Gungan. Get me a scalpel, by crikey its time for some field surgery!
*Time passes as they deal with you*

Block: collapse
Daft bugger. Leave the Gungan alone lads, he's gonna wake up with a nasty headache.