Block: start
Hello there %character.name%, I hope %faction.name% are treating you well? I hope %faction.leader% is a good leader.
Responses:
Wha...? -> force
You know too much. Time to die! -> die
This is a scam isn't it? -> scam

Block: force
I know much of you. In fact much of everyone. I am in tune with the force, a mystical energy that pervades every living thing around you.
In fact, it is something that is widely wished for, yet almost universally is extremely hard to obtain.
Responses:
Oh. Right. The force. Well, I'll be seeing you then. -> leave
Wow, tell me more! -> more
Meh, already know everything I need. -> sure

Block: die
If you insist, you may die. I feel nothing either way about it.
Responses:
Wha...you...gah! -> leave

Block: scam
No, just pure knowledge obtained through the Force. Do you wish to know more?
Responses:
Sure, why not: -> force
Pah, that mystical nonsense. -> leave

Block: leave
Enjoy yourself over the next few days. Many wondrous things will happen to you.

Block: more
Very few people ever have the ability to use the force. These people are called Force Sensitives. However, even these few do not know of their abilities straight away.
Though they may seem slightly better at certain things that others, they cannot proactively use their abilities. They need to be revealed.
Responses:
How would they get revealed then? -> reveal

Block: reveal
Ah. Such people would need to find other Force Sensitive people. Those that have trained for years have the ability to determine if someone is Force Sensitive or not.
They can also show that person their gifts, allowing them to begin to use these powers. Finding these people is not a trivial task.
!if character.faction! Best to ask around your faction, since many arrange tests for all their members at one time.
!ifnot character.faction! Might be very hard for you. Factions generally arrange tests for all their members, but that may be hard for you huh?
Responses:
!if character.faction! Excellent, thanks. I'll go ask them now. -> leave
Could you explain all that again please? -> force

Block: sure
Are you sure? Many come to me because they have questions. Oh well, have fun.